Trainer version: <VERSION>.
Release date: <DATE>.

Workability tested on the following versions:
-Licenses:
◦ Steam: 1.1.0;
◦ Ubisoft Connect: 1.1.0.
-Pirated:
◦ Repack by: 1.1.0;
◦ Repack by R. G. Mechanics: 1.1.0;
◦ Repack by DODI: 1.1.0;
◦ Unknown repack (CODEX crack): 1.1.0.

<SEARCHED PROCESSES>

The trainer writes an event log during its work so if you have any problems with the activation or workability of the functions or the game crashed or something else then you can contact me and send me your log files, you can find them by going to the settings window and clicking the "Open event logs folder" button. For all questions and problems you can contact me by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites or by e-mail.
My e-mail: 7x.hex.x7@gmail.com.
My profile on PlayGround.ru: https://users.playground.ru/1367691.
My profile on Nexus Mods: https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/7hex7.

If you want to order a private trainer for a particular game you can contact me by e-mail or by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites.

If you want to thank me for my work you can subscribe to me on the Patreon and/or Boosty platforms I will be very grateful.
My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/trainersbyhex.
My Boosty: https://boosty.to/trainersbyhex.

Function notes:
◦ Invulnerability – health is always maximum, falls from a great height are safe, no damage animation;
◦ Infinite money – sets the amount of money to 100,000;
◦ Infinite bullets – the current number of bullets does not decrease;
◦ Infinite throwing knives – the current number of throwing knives does not decrease;
◦ Infinite smoke bombs – the current number of smoke bombs does not decrease;
◦ Infinite rope darts – the current number of rope darts does not decrease;
◦ Infinite sleep darts & grenades – the current number of sleep darts & grenades does not decrease;
◦ Infinite berserk darts & grenades – the current number of berserk darts & grenades does not decrease;
◦ Infinite firecracker darts – the current number of firecracker darts does not decrease;
◦ Infinite shrapnel grenades – the current number of shrapnel grenades does not decrease;
◦ Invisibility – enemies and animals will not pay attention to you;
◦ Stop countdown timer – the current timer time in main memories, in additional memories tasks and during stalkering will not decrease. To avoid bugs in mission use only when necessary, do not keep the function permanently activated;
◦ Fast movement speed – sets the movement speed to 1.75;
◦ High jump – sets the jump height to 7.25;
◦ Teleport to custom marker – sets the teleport height to 120.25. Out of water the teleport may not work in which case you can use the "No clip mode" function;
◦ No clip mode – to control the character use the W and S keys to move along the Y-axis (forward-backward), A and D to move along the X-axis (left-right). To go up use the Spacebar key, to go down use the Left Ctrl key. It is recommended to use it together with the "Invulnerability" function!;
◦ Infinite ship health – the ship's health is always maximum;
◦ Ship invisibility – enemy ships will not pay attention to you;
◦ Infinite metal – sets the amount of metal to 2,500;
◦ Infinite wood – sets the amount of wood to 2,500;
◦ Infinite stone – sets the amount of stone to 2,500;
◦ Infinite cloth – sets the amount of cloth to 2,500;
◦ Infinite tobacco – sets the amount of tobacco to 2,500;
◦ Infinite crew – sets the amount of crew to 40;
◦ Infinite heavy shots ammo – the current amount of heavy shots ammo does not decrease;
◦ Infinite mortars ammo – the current amount of mortars ammo does not decrease;
◦ Infinite burning oil – the current amount of burning oil does not decrease;
◦ Infinite harpoons – the current number of harpoons does not decrease;
◦ Infinite Puckle guns ammo – the current amount of Puckle guns ammo does not decrease when boarding the ship;
◦ Show collectibles – also shows the location of tablets on the map in Abstergo;
◦ Full memory synchronization – allows you to achieve 100% synchronization in any memory. If you have already performed an action that will not result in full synchronization activate the function and keep it activated until you get a notification that 100% synchronization has been achieved;
◦ Free items craft – allows you to craft items for Shay without having the required number of resources and without the required conditions;
◦ Low animals health – also affects the health of prey when hunting with a harpoon;
◦ Infinite berserk dart effect duration – visually the timer may be decreasing but technically it will be infinite;
◦ Fast berserk dart effect – the victim immediately dies when hit by a dart;
◦ Infinite Cormac's fleet resources – In order for the number of resources to be saved you need to spend or earn them;
◦ Fast naval missions completion – the duration of each naval mission is set to five seconds. The function does not work on already running naval missions. Sometimes in order to see the effect you need to re-enter the Cormac's fleet menu;
◦ High naval missions success odds – the success odds of each naval mission is always 100%. The function does not work on already running naval missions;
◦ Infinite naval missions ships health  – the ship's health does not decrease after completing a naval mission. Does not work in naval combat;
◦ No resource requirement in naval missions – the number of resources and the size of the ship's cargo do not matter to start any naval mission. Sometimes in order to see the effect you need to re-enter the Cormac's fleet menu.