Trainer version: <VERSION>.
Release date: <DATE>.

Workability tested on the following versions:
◦ Steam: 1.5.6;
◦ Ubisoft Connect: 1.5.3-1.5.6 (Ubisoft+ is not supported).

<SEARCHED PROCESSES>

The trainer writes an event log during its work so if you have any problems with the activation or workability of the functions or the game crashed or something else then you can contact me and send me your log files, you can find them by going to the settings window and clicking the "Open event logs folder" button. For all questions and problems you can contact me by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites or by e-mail.
My e-mail: 7x.hex.x7@gmail.com
My profile on PlayGround.ru: https://users.playground.ru/1367691
My profile on Nexus Mods: https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/7hex7

If you want to order a private trainer for a particular game you can contact me by e-mail or by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites.

If you want to thank me for my work you can subscribe to me on the Patreon and/or Boosty platforms I will be very grateful.
My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/trainersbyhex
My Boosty: https://boosty.to/trainersbyhex

Function notes:
◦ Invulnerability – health is always maximum, falls from a great height are safe, no damage animation;
◦ Infinite money – sets the amount of money to 300,000;
◦ Infinite normal arrows – the current number of normal arrows does not decrease;
◦ Infinite paralyzing arrows – the current number of paralyzing arrows does not decrease;
◦ Infinite poison arrows – the current number of poison arrows does not decrease;
◦ Infinite fire arrows – the current number of fire arrows does not decrease;
◦ Infinite explosive arrows – the current number of explosive arrows does not decrease;
◦ Infinite death arrows – the current number of death arrows does not decrease;
◦ Infinite soft leather – sets the amount of soft leather to 50,000. You must have at least one soft leather to see the effect. The method works similarly for other resource types;
◦ Infinite iron metal – sets the amount of iron metal to 50,000;
◦ Infinite olive wood – sets the amount of olive wood to 50,000;
◦ Infinite ancient tablets – sets the number of ancient tablets to 50,000;
◦ Infinite obsidian glass – sets the amount of obsidian glass to 50,000;
◦ Infinite precious gems – sets the number of precious gems to 50,000;
◦ Invisibility – enemies will not pay attention to you;
◦ Fast movement speed – sets the movement speed to 1.75;
◦ Teleport to custom marker – sets the teleport height to 550.25. Sometimes a character can get stuck in the air after teleporting in which case just jump and you will land quickly. Teleportation may does not work from water. Use it together with the "Invulnerability" function!;
◦ No clip mode – to control the character use the W and S keys to move along the Y-axis (forward-backward), A and D to move along the X-axis (left-right). To go up use the Spacebar key, to go down use the Left Ctrl key. It is recommended to use it together with the "Invulnerability" function!;
◦ Infinite allies health – does not affect allies in combat on the conquest battle;
◦ XP multiplier – multiplies the number of experience gained by the value that you can select on the trackbar;
◦ Free items craft – allows you to craft items such as arrows without having enough resources;
◦ Free gears upgrade – allows you to upgrade equipment without having enough resources;
◦ Mark nearby enemies & items – marks all nearby enemies and items as if you were manually marking them with Ikarus;
◦ Free abilities acquire – you can acquire abilities if you don't have enough ability points, haven't reached the required character level and haven't reached the level of Leonidas' spear;
◦ Infinite ship health – the ship's health is always maximum;
◦ Ship invisibility – enemy ships will not pay attention to you;
◦ Free ship upgrade – allows you to upgrade your ship without having enough resources;
◦ Remove gears level requirements – ​​allows you to use equipment that is higher than your level;
◦ Low animals health – does not affect the elephant, use the "Low enemies health" function instead;
◦ Show all map icons – shows and reveals all icons on the world map. If you're in-game to see the effect you will need to reload a save;
◦ Infinite "Athena's Sight" effect – the effect of highlighting collectible and interactive objects after using the "Athena's Sight" is unlimited in time;
◦ Fast horse movement speed – sets the horse movement speed to 2.25;
◦ Unfog map – reveals all unvisited regions on the world map;
◦ One hit kill with hidden blade – allows you to kill enemies with the hidden blade in one hit even if the blade's damage is not enough and even if the enemy's level is significantly higher than the player's;
◦ Infinite ship fire power – ship fire power is always maximum;
◦ Low nation power in current region – reduces nation power in the current region to minimum and unlock the conquest battle;
◦ Free gears engrave – allows you to engrave equipment without having enough resources;
◦ Easy conquest battle victory – the enemy's bar drops to minimum and the battle is automatically won. Doesn't work in naval conquest battle;
◦ Unveil all cultists/Ancients Order members – to see the effect you need to open the cultists menu and then re-open it. Activates the "Unveil" button on all cultists/members of the Order of the Ancients except those whose identities can only be revealed during story missions;
◦ Low Persephone's domain – reduces Persephone's domain in Elysium to a minimum in the "Fate of Atlantis" DLC. To see the effect you need to open the world map. Sometimes to complete the quest to reduce Persephone's domain you need to reload a save.