Trainer version: <VERSION>.
Release date: <DATE>.

Workability tested on the following versions:
◦ Steam: 1.62;
◦ Ubisoft Connect: 1.51-1.62.

<SEARCHED PROCESSES>

The trainer writes an event log during its work so if you have any problems with the activation or workability of the functions or the game crashed or something else then you can contact me and send me your log files, you can find them by going to the settings window and clicking the "Open event logs folder" button. For all questions and problems you can contact me by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites or by e-mail.
My e-mail: 7x.hex.x7@gmail.com
My profile on PlayGround.ru: https://users.playground.ru/1367691
My profile on Nexus Mods: https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/7hex7

If you want to order a private trainer for a particular game you can contact me by e-mail or by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites.

If you want to thank me for my work you can subscribe to me on the Patreon and/or Boosty platforms I will be very grateful.
My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/trainersbyhex
My Boosty: https://boosty.to/trainersbyhex

Function notes:
◦ Invulnerability – health is always maximum, falls from a great height are safe, no damage animation;
◦ Infinite money – sets the amount of money to 100,000;
◦ Infinite arrows – the current number of arrows does not decrease;
◦ Infinite smoke screen powder – the current amount of smoke screen powder does not decrease;
◦ Infinite fire bombs – the current number of fire bombs does not decrease;
◦ Infinite berserk darts – the current number of berserk darts does not decrease;
◦ Infinite poison darts – the current number of poison darts does not decrease;
◦ Infinite sleep darts – the current number of sleep darts does not decrease;
◦ Infinite flesh decay toxins – the current number of flesh decay toxins does not decrease;
◦ Infinite cedarwood – sets the amount of cedarwood to 500. You must have at least one cedarwood to see the effect. The method works similarly for other resource types;
◦ Infinite bronze – sets the amount of bronze to 500;
◦ Infinite soft leather – sets the amount of soft leather to 500;
◦ Infinite hard leather – sets the amount of hard leather to 500;
◦ Infinite silica – sets the amount of silica to 500;
◦ Invisibility – enemies will not pay attention to you;
◦ Stop race timer – the current timer does not increase. This works so that rivals will stop in place as their movement is tied to the timer. Deactivate the function after crossing the finish line otherwise the race will not end;
◦ Fast movement speed – sets the movement speed to 1.75;
◦ Teleport to custom marker – sets the teleport height to 550.25. Teleportation does not work from water;
◦ No clip mode – to control the character use the W and S keys to move along the Y-axis (forward-backward), A and D to move along the X-axis (left-right). To go up use the Spacebar key, to go down use the Left Ctrl key. It is recommended to use it together with the "Invulnerability" function!;
◦ Infinite pelts – sets the number of pelts to 500. You must have at least one pelt to see the effect. The method works similarly for other resource types;
◦ Infinite iron – sets the amount of iron to 500;
◦ Infinite carbon crystals – sets the number of carbon crystals to 500;
◦ Infinite shards of star – sets the number of shards of star to 500;
◦ XP multiplier – multiplies the number of experience gained by the value that you can select on the trackbar;
◦ Infinite chariot health – the chariot's health is always maximum during the race;
◦ One hit carriage destruction – rivals' carriages are destroyed in a single hit;
◦ Free abilities acquire – you can acquire abilities if you don't have enough ability points;
◦ Infinite ship health – the ship's health is always maximum;
◦ Free gears craft – allows you to upgrade equipment without having enough resources;
◦ Infinite ballista ammo – the current amount of ballista ammo does not decrease;
◦ Low animals health – does not affect the elephant, use the "Low enemies health" function instead;
◦ Show all map icons – shows and reveals all icons on the world map. If you're in-game to see the effect you will need to reload a save, use fast travel or use the "Get desynchronization" function;
◦ Infinite Animus pulse effect – the effect of highlighting collectible and interactive objects after using the Animus pulse is unlimited in time;
◦ Fast horse/camel movement speed – sets the horse/camel movement speed to 2.25;
◦ Unfog map – reveals all unvisited regions on the world map. After deactivating this function the fog of war will return to its original state;
◦ One hit kill with hidden blade – allows you to kill enemies with the hidden blade in one hit even if the blade's damage is not enough and even if the enemy's level is significantly higher than the player's;
◦ Infinite berserk effect duration – the enemy will attack everyone until him are killed;
◦ Fast berserk effect – the enemy dies immediately after you use the berserk dart on him;
◦ Mark nearby enemies & items – marks all nearby enemies and items as if you were manually marking them with Senu;
◦ Remove curse effect from weapon – removes the maximum health reduction when using a cursed weapon.