Trainer version: <VERSION>.
Release date: <DATE>.

Workability tested on the following versions:
◦ Steam: 1.21;
◦ GOG GALAXY: 1.21.

<SEARCHED PROCESSES>

The trainer writes an event log during its work so if you have any problems with the activation or workability of the functions or the game crashed or something else then you can contact me and send me your log files, you can find them by going to the settings window and clicking the "Open event logs folder" button. For all questions and problems you can contact me by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites or by e-mail.
My e-mail: 7x.hex.x7@gmail.com
My profile on PlayGround.ru: https://users.playground.ru/1367691
My profile on Nexus Mods: https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/hex

If you want to order a private trainer for a particular game you can contact me by e-mail or by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites.

If you want to thank me for my work you can subscribe to me on the Patreon and/or Boosty platforms I will be very grateful.
My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/trainersbyhex
My Boosty: https://boosty.to/trainersbyhex

Function notes:
◦ Invulnerability – health is always maximum, no damage animation;
◦ Infinite focus – focus is always maximum;
◦ Infinite mirian – sets the amount of mirian to 50,000. In order to see the effect you need to have at least one mirian;
◦ Infinite elf-shots/steel bolts – elf-shots/steel bolts ("Desolation of Mordor" DLC) are always maximum;
◦ Infinite skill points – sets the number of skill points to 5. In order to see the effect you need to have at least one skill point;
◦ Infinite might – the might bar is always full;
◦ Reveal captains/warchiefs data – to see the effect you need to go to the Army menu and mark the target you need. Reveals all the captains/warchiefs identity and them strengths and weaknesses;
◦ Free skills purchase – unlocks all skills except story ones (to avoid bugs) and also allows you to buy them without having enough skill points;
◦ Only epic high-level runes drop – captains/warchiefs always drop epic level 80 gear and if the captains/warchiefs is legendary they will drop legendary level 80 gear;
◦ Invisibility – enemies will not pay attention to you;
◦ Stop countdown timer – the current timer in the quest and in additional objectives does not decrease;
◦ XP multiplier – multiplies the amount of experience gained by the value that you can select on the trackbar;
◦ Fast wraith/command bar fill – the wraith/command ("Desolation of Mordor" DLC) bar fills up completely immediately after a kill;
◦ Fast movement speed ​​– sets the movement speed to 2.25;
◦ Change time of day – changes the time of day in the random sequence;
◦ Teleport to custom marker – after teleporting the character will in most cases be stuck in the air, to lower him down you can walk in the air or switch to aiming mode and keep the character in this state until he falls to the surface;
◦ No clip mode – to control the character use standard movement keys. To go up use the Left Shift key, to go down use the Left Ctrl key;
◦ Multiple skill upgrades selection – please note that you can only disable the upgrades after deactivating the function;
◦ Infinite gems – the current number of gems does not decrease;
◦ No captains/warchiefs limit recruitment – allows to recruit any captain/warchief if his level is much higher than the player's level and even if the captain/warchief has the "Iron will" ability;
◦ Infinite elven rage/rally – please note that you will not be able to exit the elven rage state until you deactivated the function;
◦ Infinite coins – sets the number of coins to 15,000. In order to see the effect you need to have at least one coin;
◦ Infinite healing elixirs – the number of healing elixirs is always maximum;
◦ Infinite concussion bombs – the number of concussion bombs is always maximum;
◦ Infinite fire bolts – the number of fire bolts is always maximum;
◦ Infinite fire bombs – the number of fire bombs is always maximum;
◦ Infinite poison bolts – the number of poison bolts is always maximum;
◦ Infinite poison bombs – the number of poison bombs is always maximum.