Trainer version: <VERSION>.
Release date: <DATE>.

Workability tested on the following versions:
-Licenses:
◦ Steam: 1.5.0;
◦ Ubisoft Connect: 1.5.0.

<SEARCHED PROCESSES>

The trainer writes an event log during its work so if you have any problems with the activation or workability of the functions or the game crashed or something else then you can contact me and send me your log files, you can find them by going to the settings window and clicking the "Open event logs folder" button. For all questions and problems you can contact me by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites or by e-mail.
My e-mail: 7x.hex.x7@gmail.com
My profile on PlayGround.ru: https://users.playground.ru/1367691
My profile on Nexus Mods: https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/7hex7

If you want to order a private trainer for a particular game you can contact me by e-mail or by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites.

If you want to thank me for my work you can subscribe to me on the Patreon and/or Boosty platforms I will be very grateful.
My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/trainersbyhex
My Boosty: https://boosty.to/trainersbyhex

Function notes:
◦ Invulnerability – health is always maximum, falls from a great height are safe, no damage animation;
◦ Infinite money – sets the amount of money to 300,000. To see the effect you need to spend money;
◦ Infinite medicines – the current number of medicines does not decrease;
◦ Infinite bullets – the current number of bullets does not decrease;
◦ Infinite smoke bombs – the current number of smoke bombs does not decrease;
◦ Infinite cherry bombs – the current number of cherry bombs does not decrease;
◦ Infinite poison gas – the current amount of poison gas does not decrease;
◦ Infinite lockpicks – the current number of lockpicks does not decrease;
◦ Infinite phantom blades – the current number of phantom blades does not decrease;
◦ Infinite berserk blades – the current number of berserk blades does not decrease;
◦ Infinite money pouches – the current number of money pouches does not decrease;
◦ Infinite stun grenades – the current number of stun grenades does not decrease;
◦ Infinite mortar bombs – the current number of mortar bombs does not decrease;
◦ Invisibility – enemies will not pay attention to you;
◦ Stop countdown timer – the current timer time in main memories, in additional memories tasks and during stalkering will not decrease. To avoid bugs in mission use only when necessary, do not keep the function permanently activated;
◦ Fast movement speed – sets the movement speed to 1.75;
◦ High jump – sets the jump height to 7.25;
◦ Teleport to custom marker – sets the teleport height to 120.25. Out of water the teleport may not work in which case you can use the "No clip mode" function;
◦ No clip mode – to control the character use the W and S keys to move along the Y-axis (forward-backward), A and D to move along the X-axis (left-right). To go up use the Spacebar key, to go down use the Left Ctrl key. It is recommended to use it together with the "Invulnerability" function!;
◦ Infinite creed points – sets the number of creed points to 50,000. To see the effect you need to spend creed points;
◦ Infinite health boosts – the number of health boosts is always 10;
◦ Infinite stealth boosts – the number of stealth boosts is always 10;
◦ Infinite melee boosts – the number of melee boosts is always 10;
◦ Infinite sync points – the current number of sync points does not decrease;
◦ Free skill purchase – unlocks all skills and sets their cost to 0;
◦ Unlock gears – unlocks all weapons, armor and outfits in the customization menu. It is recommended to keep the function activated at all times especially before loading a save as some Uplay items may get locked again and if you equip such an item it will be lost.
◦ Easy lockpicking – chests and doors are automatically lockpick even if the required level of the lockpicking skill has not been purchased;
◦ Infinite boost effect duration – sometimes the boost timer may visually decrease or drop to zero but will technically be infinite;
◦ Maximum assassin rank – in order to see the effect you need to earn experience points for example by performing a perfect parry or an air kill.
◦ Full memory synchronization – allows you to achieve 100% synchronization in any memory. If you have already performed an action that will not result in full synchronization activate the function and keep it activated until you get a notification that 100% synchronization has been achieved;
◦ Maximum Helix data collection – adds 2,000 data points upon the first collection in the Helix Rift which immediately unlocks the portal and the stuck assassin;
◦ Infinite lantern – the lantern is always fully charged and will continue to work after water gets into it;
◦ Fast "Disguise" skill cooldown – sometimes the skill icon may be red but it can still be used.