Trainer version: <VERSION>.
Release date: <DATE>.

Workability tested on the following versions:
◦ Steam: 1.02;
◦ Ubisoft Connect: 1.02;
◦ GOG GALAXY: 1.02.

<SEARCHED PROCESSES>

The trainer writes an event log during its work so if you have any problems with the activation or workability of the functions or the game crashed or something else then you can contact me and send me your log files, you can find them by going to the settings window and clicking the "Open event logs folder" button. For all questions and problems you can contact me by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites or by e-mail.
My e-mail: 7x.hex.x7@gmail.com.
My profile on PlayGround.ru: https://users.playground.ru/1367691
My profile on Nexus Mods: https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/7hex7

If you want to order a private trainer for a particular game you can contact me by e-mail or by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites.

If you want to thank me for my work you can subscribe to me on the Patreon and/or Boosty platforms I will be very grateful.
My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/trainersbyhex.
My Boosty: https://boosty.to/trainersbyhex.

Function notes:
◦ Invulnerability – the synchronization bar (health) is always maximum, falls from great heights are safe, no damage animation;
◦ Infinite throwing knives – the current number of throwing knives does not decrease;
◦ Invisibility – enemies will not pay attention to you. May not work when saving citizens;
◦ Stop countdown timer – the current timer time will not decrease;
◦ Fast horse movement speed – sets the horse’s movement speed to 2.25;
◦ Maximum synchronization bar – increases the synchronization bar (health) to the maximum possible;
◦ No clip mode – to control the character use the W and S keys to move along the Y-axis (forward-backward), A and D to move along the X-axis (left-right). To go up use the Spacebar key, to go down use the Left Ctrl key. It is recommended to use it together with the "Invulnerability" function!;
◦ Fast movement speed – sets the movement speed to 1.75;
◦ High jump – sets the jump height to 7.25;
◦ Teleport to custom marker – sets the teleport height to 180.25. If the teleport to the custom marker does not work when you first activate the function then go to the map menu. Sometimes there may be a bug that when teleporting the character quickly flies upward, in this case it is recommended to use the teleport again or place the marker a little further from the original position.