Trainer version: <VERSION>.
Release date: <DATE>.

Workability tested on the following versions:
◦ Steam: 1.01;
◦ Ubisoft Connect: 1.01;
◦ Ubisoft Connect: 1.01 (ru-retail).

<SEARCHED PROCESSES>

The trainer writes an event log during its work so if you have any problems with the activation or workability of the functions or the game crashed or something else then you can contact me and send me your log files, you can find them by going to the settings window and clicking the "Open event logs folder" button. For all questions and problems you can contact me by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites or by e-mail.
My e-mail: 7x.hex.x7@gmail.com
My profile on PlayGround.ru: https://users.playground.ru/1367691
My profile on Nexus Mods: https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/7hex7

If you want to order a private trainer for a particular game you can contact me by e-mail or by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites.

If you want to thank me for my work you can subscribe to me on the Patreon and/or Boosty platforms I will be very grateful.
My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/trainersbyhex
My Boosty: https://boosty.to/trainersbyhex

Function notes:
◦ Invulnerability – health is always maximum, falls from a great height are safe, no damage animation;
◦ Infinite money – sets the amount of money to 100,000. To see the effect you need to spend money;
◦ Infinite medicines – the current amount of medicines does not decrease;
◦ Infinite bullets – the current number of bullets does not decrease;
◦ Infinite throwing knives – the current number of throwing knives does not decrease;
◦ Infinite smoke bombs – the current number of smoke bombs does not decrease;
◦ Infinite poison – the current number of poison does not decrease;
◦ Invisibility – enemies and minstrels will not pay attention to you;
◦ Stop countdown timer – the current timer time will not decrease;
◦ Fast horse movement speed – sets the horse movement speed to 2.25;
◦ Stop assassin tomb timer – the current timer time of mechanisms in the assassin's tomb does not decrease;
◦ Fast movement speed – sets the movement speed to 1.75;
◦ High jump – sets the jump height to 7.25;
◦ Teleport to custom marker – sets the teleport height to 60.25. Out of water the teleport may not work in which case you can use the "No clip mode" function;
◦ No clip mode – to control the character use the W and S keys to move along the Y-axis (forward-backward), A and D to move along the X-axis (left-right). To go up use the Spacebar key, to go down use the Left Ctrl key. It is recommended to use it together with the "Invulnerability" function!;
◦ Maximum health bar – increases the health scale to the maximum possible. To see the effect you need to take damage or use the "Get desynchronization" function;
◦ Infinite carriage health – the carriage's health is always maximum;
◦ Infinite flying machine health – the flying machine's health is always maximum;
◦ Show collectibles – shows the location of codex pages and treasures on the map including on the mini-map in the assassin's tombs. Sometimes you have to open the in-game map to see the effect.