Trainer version: <VERSION>.
Release date: <DATE>.

Workability tested on the following versions:
◦ Steam: 1.0.0.3;
◦ GOG GALAXY: 1.0.0.3;
◦ Epic Games Store: 1.0.1.10.

<SEARCHED PROCESSES>

The trainer writes an event log during its work so if you have any problems with the activation or workability of the functions or the game crashed or something else then you can contact me and send me your log files, you can find them by going to the settings window and clicking the "Open event logs folder" button. For all questions and problems you can contact me by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites or by e-mail.
My e-mail: 7x.hex.x7@gmail.com
My profile on PlayGround.ru: https://users.playground.ru/1367691
My profile on Nexus Mods: https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/hex

If you want to order a private trainer for a particular game you can contact me by e-mail or by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites.

If you want to thank me for my work you can subscribe to me on the Patreon and/or Boosty platforms I will be very grateful.
My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/trainersbyhex
My Boosty: https://boosty.to/trainersbyhex

Function notes:
◦ Invulnerability – health is always maximum, falls from a great height are safe, no damage animation;
◦ Infinite ammo – the current amount of ammo does not decrease;
◦ Infinite medkits – the current number of medkits does not decrease;
◦ Infinite filters – the total filters time is always at least 30 minutes;
◦ Infinite throwing knives – the current number of throwing knives does not decrease;
◦ Infinite grenades – the current number of all types of grenades does not decrease;
◦ Infinite Claymore mines – the current number of Claymore mines does not decrease;
◦ Infinite filter time – the current filter time does not decrease;
◦ Infinite flashlight battery charge – the flashlight battery charge is always maximum;
◦ Infinite air bottle pressure – the current pressure in the "Tihar", "Helsing" and flamethrower air bottles does not decrease;
◦ Infinite "Volt Driver" battery charge – the current "Volt Driver" battery charge does not decrease;
◦ Infinite money-ammo – sets the amount of money-ammo to 1,000;
◦ Invisibility – enemies will not pay attention to you;
◦ Fast movement speed – sets the movement speed to 4.75;
◦ High jump – sets the jump height to 17.25;
◦ Infinite night vision device energy – the energy of the night vision device is always maximum;
◦ No clip mode – to control the character use standard movement keys. To go up use the Spacebar key, to go down use the Left Ctrl key. It is recommended to use it together with the "Invulnerability" function!;
◦ Turn off lights – turns off light sources such as fires, lamps, headlamps, etc., some stationary light sources may not turn off;
◦ Playing without gas mask – allows you to be on the surface and in gassed areas without a gas mask.