Trainer version: <VERSION>.
Release date: <DATE>.

Workability tested on the following versions:
◦ Steam: 1.0;
◦ Ubisoft Connect: 1.0.

<SEARCHED PROCESSES>

The trainer writes an event log during its work so if you have any problems with the activation or workability of the functions or the game crashed or something else then you can contact me and send me your log files, you can find them by going to the settings window and clicking the "Open event logs folder" button. For all questions and problems you can contact me by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites or by e-mail.
My e-mail: 7x.hex.x7@gmail.com
My profile on PlayGround.ru: https://users.playground.ru/1367691
My profile on Nexus Mods: https://next.nexusmods.com/profile/hex

If you want to order a private trainer for a particular game you can contact me by e-mail or by writing in private messages on the PlayGround.ru and/or Nexus Mods websites.

If you want to thank me for my work you can subscribe to me on the Patreon and/or Boosty platforms I will be very grateful.
My Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/trainersbyhex
My Boosty: https://boosty.to/trainersbyhex

Function notes:
◦ Invulnerability – health is always maximum, falls from a great height are safe, no damage animation;
◦ Infinite money – sets the amount of money to 100,000;
◦ Infinite bullets – the current number of bullets does not decrease;
◦ Infinite smoke bombs – the current number of smoke bombs does not decrease;
◦ Infinite fast poison darts – the current number of fast poison darts does not decrease;
◦ Infinite berserk poison darts – the current number of berserk poison darts does not decrease;
◦ Infinite arrows – the current number of arrows does not decrease;
◦ Invisibility – enemies will not pay attention to you;
◦ Stop countdown timer – the current timer time in main memories, in additional memories tasks and during stalkering will not decrease. To avoid bugs in mission use only when necessary, do not keep the function permanently activated;
◦ Fast movement speed – sets the movement speed to 1.75;
◦ High jump – sets the jump height to 7.25;
◦ Teleport to custom marker – sets the teleport height to 120.25. Out of water the teleport may not work in which case you can use the "No clip mode" function;
◦ No clip mode – to control the character use the W and S keys to move along the Y-axis (forward-backward), A and D to move along the X-axis (left-right). To go up use the Spacebar key, to go down use the Left Ctrl key. It is recommended to use it together with the "Invulnerability" function!;
◦ Infinite carriage health – the carriage's health is always maximum;
◦ Infinite canoe health – the canoe's health is always maximum;
◦ Infinite raft health – the raft's health is always maximum;
◦ Full memory synchronization – allows you to achieve 100% synchronization in any memory. If you have already performed an action that will not result in full synchronization activate the function and keep it activated until you get a notification that 100% synchronization has been achieved.